[pubsub/rabbitmq]add queue type options - classic, qourum, stream (#3193)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/reference/components-reference/supported-pubsub/setup-rabbitmq.md

| maxLen      | N        | The maximum number of messages of a queue and its dead letter queue (if dead letter enabled). If both `maxLen` and `maxLenBytes` are set then both will apply; whichever limit is hit first will be enforced.  Defaults to no limit. | `"1000"` |
| maxLenBytes      | N        | Maximum length in bytes of a queue and its dead letter queue (if dead letter enabled). If both `maxLen` and `maxLenBytes` are set then both will apply; whichever limit is hit first will be enforced.  Defaults to no limit. | `"1048576"` |
| exchangeKind      | N        | Exchange kind of the rabbitmq exchange.  Defaults to `"fanout"`. | `"fanout"`,`"topic"` |

> | queueType    | N        | Queue type of rabbitmq.  Defaults to `"classic"`. | `"classic"`,`"qourum"`,`"stream"` |

Reviewer: Stream is not supported 
```suggestion
| queueType    | N        | Queue type of rabbitmq.  Defaults to `"classic"`. | `"classic"`,`"quorum"` |
```
